SQL has strict rules for appending data.
First, both tables must have the same number of columns.
Second, those columns must have the same data types in the same order as the first table.
Running each of these queries,
will individually show this to be true.
Here you can see four columns,
id, account_id, occurred_at, and channel.
And here, you can see those same columns with
the same names and same data types to make things easy for this example.
While the column names don't necessarily have to be the same,
you'll find that they typically are.
This is because most instances in which you'd want to use
UNION involve stitching together different parts of the same dataset.
One thing to note is, that UNION only appends distinct values.
More specifically, when you use UNION,
the dataset is appended and any rows in
the appended dataset that are exactly identical to rows in the first table are dropped.
If you'd like to append all of the values from the second table, use UNION ALL.
You'll likely use UNION ALL far more often than you use UNION.